[ Music ]
[ Noise ]
>> Regina Meredith: If you've
been watching my programs,
you've undoubtedly heard
me speak of entrainment
or programming, designed
to keep our heads down,
asleep to our own capabilities.
But what if there
were a frequency
that could wake us
back up to who we are
and what we're capable of?
Brenda Williams has a very
strange story to tell us
about the existence of just
such a frequency
called the Triad Wave.
Her journey from trophy
wife to the sequencer
of this sine wave is phenomenal.
So I would recommend you
get a cup of tea, sit back,
and fully immerse yourself
in this conversation.
It's such a joy to have you
here and I can't wait for you
to reveal all of this to people
of all walks, all backgrounds.
This really has to do with
every single human being.
This isn't for a selected few.
And you're here essentially
as a messenger.
You're here to offer this
as a gift to the world
which to me is also the
phenomenal part of it.
So, that in mind, do
you mind if I read this?
>> Brenda Williams: Please do.
>> Regina Meredith: I think you
know who the author is of this.
It may not mean anything
to other people.
But it sets up the context
for what we're going
to be talking about.
This was an excerpt from
cyberspaceorbit.com.
"When tuned electromagnetic
waves intersect,
they sometimes seem to
cancel out, but do they?
Is a super potential
scalar energy created?
Could such a pressure
wave be controlled--
directed through a
quantum universe?
Has this happened for years now?
Do rogue groups on and
off planet wield strange
new weapons?
Do directed waves go
beyond machine technology
and actually reside
within human potential?"
The answer is what,
yes, yes, yes, yes?
>> BW: Yes, yes and yes and yes.
Actually if you go back
to as early as 1976,
Andrija Puharich was announcing
to world governments
the existence
of this Russian application
of being able
to polts [phonetic] some of
these waves, these frequencies
into the population to do
mind control or manipulation.
And of course not very
many people paid a lot
of attention to it then.
Although, they knew
that it existed.
They also were aware that it was
based on a lot of the Tesla work
that had been left unfinished.
As time passed and Charlie--
I began-- I met Charlie.
Charlie actually--
>> RM: Charlie Plyler is
the one who wrote that.
>> BW: Charlie Plyler is
Charlie actually noticed
it and picked it up.
ELFRAD was doing basically
what ELFRAD was designed to do
in its day job was
to monitor and look
for earthquake precursor so that
they could have an early warning
system in earthquake
environments.
The system-- the technicians
were scattered around the world
and they had very sophisticated
equipment that could pick
up variations in
frequency modulation.
So they began to pick up this
unusual sequence of frequencies
that didn't match anything
they had ever seen before.
And so, he began to talk
about it and work with it.
In 2003, in Arizona, I
met Benjamin Lonetree
who actually did analysis of--
spectral analysis of
the wave sequencing,
shared it with Charlie,
and I got to meet Charlie
in some time pass 2003,
very clandestine meeting
because he didn't
talk to people.
But he told me a
lot of that time
about what the wave was actually
doing well beyond what my
original understanding was.
When it first was
developed, it was more working
with the physiology
of the human form.
If I were-- one of
the thoughts I shared
with you earlier was the wave
acts like the amniotic fluid
that holds the fetus while
it's getting ready to develop
into its full potential
as a human being.
Well the wave does
that now in terms
of how it addresses
the human physiology
as we now become what I
refer to as holy human,
our divine intelligence
merged and working into--
you know, in concert
with the intelligence
within our heart-brain, not our
database, but our heart-brain
where that immaculate,
holy human resides.
So, Charlie was a gift as have
been numerous other people along
the way.
>> RM: And we're going to talk
about them in what piece each
of them brought to this story.
So, I would like to begin at the
beginning of this story with you
in the East Coast, in the
South, as a trophy wife
who was diagnosed with breast
cancer and this has been
over 20 years ago now.
>> BW: 1990, and actually
in my pre-1990 programming,
we would not be having
this conversation
because I would be probably
walking about 14 miles away
from anything that even
remotely resembled this.
I had no background in any
of these concepts nor was I
a mathematician, a scientist,
or someone who understood
physiology to the degree
that is required today.
I was-- received a phone
call about 8:30 one night
from a surgeon who said he
had me scheduled for surgery
at 7:30 the next morning.
They had discovered
a very aggressive DNA
with a cancer-- with
a breast cancer.
So, I packed my bag and went
into surgery the next morning.
The cancer was very aggressive
and they were not very hopeful
as to what the outcome would be.
But they were willing to put
together this enormous cocktail
of chemotherapy which would
possibly give me a few more
months until they could find
something better to use.
I agreed because I had
family who were concerned
and six months was
better than no months.
The outcome of that and
the-- you know, the--
when I had one treatment of the
chemo, the side effects were
so tremendously devastating
that I said no more.
Went out on my deck and
began to observe the patterns
that were forming when the birds
would come to the bird feeders
so the wind would
blow a certain way
and there will be
a specific pattern.
What I later understood was
that I was becoming more sensory
awake which is one of the things
as a human population,
we are not.
>> RM: Now, is this partly
a function of the fact
that your brain was decimated
by all the drugs
on a certain level?
>> BW: I think I was just
taken out of my own way.
>> RM: You were taken out
of your way, exactly, yeah.
>> BW: And the other part
of that was it was time.
It was time.
Others had come before me to set
this up and now I was hearing
in my inner thoughts that this
was my time now to begin my part
of this process and to begin
bringing this on to the planet.
>> RM: So now you're
back on the deck.
You're observing all
these patterns of nature,
birds, wind and so forth.
>> BW: And as that happened,
I began to notice things
a little more clearly.
I begin to have thoughts
that would have information
around numbering sequences
and things like that.
I was deemed not quite
right in the head, body,
and so it was important that I
go and talk with a psychologist.
That's when I call into Dr. Bob
who was this very tall, very--
had his coat and his white shirt
and, you know, his neck tie all
up to his neck and we
began a conversation.
He assured me that I was not
crazy after a few months.
But we did begin to
explore what was happening
and what these thoughts were--
what these memories
were bringing forward.
There was one particular
instance that I asked him
if he would hypnotize me.
I said because I think
there's things stored in here
that I can't get access to.
And we did and had a sense
of a past, what I would refer
to as a past, life
although I don't believe
in past, present and future.
I think it's all just big
one long day right now.
And so what happened
with that was that we got
into really observing what
was actually happening to me,
and why was it happening, and
who were these voices that,
not voices like you
and I are speaking,
and yet they were as real as.
>> RM: I understand.
>> BW: As real as.
And as that continued to--
>> RM: You hear it in your head?
>> BW: You hear it everywhere,
and pretty soon I wasn't just
hearing it I was feeling it.
Every sensation, every
movement, my sensory system was
so keenly acute that I
was noticing every change
and I was-- everything
was coming into place.
>> RM: And at that
time, somewhere in that,
and I don't remember, we were
talking off camera, the sequence
of when it happened
but a phrase came
into you, into your awareness.
>> BW: You're talking
about the one
about helped my children
to remember--
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: -- what they
already know?
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: The phrase
that I first heard,
ultimately I did do
some lyrics around it.
It's on the website also.
And it was, "Help my
children to remember
because they've forgotten
who they are and they're
in despair," and reminding me
that others had come before
me to mark the pathway.
But now it was my time to
continue marking that pathway.
>> RM: Did you know what
that statement meant
when you heard it?
>> BW: I had no clue.
I thought I was going to
work with children, so--
[ Laughter ]
Excuse me, but my children
were raised and I didn't think
that was going to
be in a lot of fun.
But as it turns out, the
primary focus of that was
to give the population
an understanding
to remember what they
already knew because it's
so innately encoded within
everyone of us within our DNA.
And the only thing that stops us
from remembering it is
how we access information.
And so, along many years of
sequencing began to happen,
I would feel things in my body.
I would-- the first sequence
of the wave was designed
to bring us into
an understanding.
How to deprogram--
how we assimilate and
decode information,
whether it's audible
visual, sensory?
How does it work
through the physiology
and where is it getting stuck
so that we're not really
interpreting from that brain
of divine intelligence
within the heart
but we're giving information
out of the database
which is someone
else's information?
>> RM: That's what I was
just going to ask you.
>> BW: Yeah.
>> RM: Someone else's
information.
What did you come to understand
about where the programming
or entrainment is coming from?
>> BW: Well, the entrainment
is coming from many sources.
Every sound, every non-sound
that we hear has a frequency
and as frequencies affect the
physiology in different ways.
So what's happening is
we're bombarded with sounds.
We're in the studio.
We're experiencing
the same thing.
Their frequency is just
blowing from the lights,
from the sound equipment,
from the camera--
>> RM: And by the
way, if anybody knows,
there's a slight hummer buzz--
>> BW: There's a hum.
>> RM: There is something
going on in the room today
that they can't fix by
swapping out the microphones,
so just be patient with us.
>> BW: But it will be fixed.
So what was happening was that
we were beginning to understand
and I use the phrase we a lot,
but understand I was in my body.
I mean I was alone,
sitting on my deck.
But I began to understand
that there was a very
collaborative interface
between me and something.
Initially, I knew and understood
it as I was talking to God
which is part of the sequencing
of how the consciousness
actually evolves
that we first sense--
because that's what we know.
I was raised in the South--
>> RM: Right.
>> BW: So I'm--
>> RM: So that would be
your point of reference?
>> BW: -- Lutheran-Presbyterian.
So--
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: -- you know, that was
my first line of reference.
I ultimately began to
understand that it was much,
much larger than what my
limited perception actually was
that there was actually a plan
and an understanding of how
to bring the human
consciousness back
to its original blueprint
design.
I would always ask, when I
would have my communication,
"Why did you put me down here
to experience all this pain
and all of this disease?
Why don't I have a mechanism to
self-adjust so that I can move
through with grace and
ease, and choose if I want
to have an experience that might
be awkward or uncomfortable?
But not be in trying to force
to have it whether I
want it to or not."
And that's where we are
in our entrainment now.
>> RM: Absolutely, and
I think there are--
almost everybody watching this
would ask the same question--
>> BW: Yes.
>> RM: -- which is we do
which is why this, why now?
>> BW: Why now?
>> RM: Yeah.
>> BW: And I've learned
over the years
that there are no
answers to why questions.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> BW: I can-- and we can
get to the what and the how.
>> RM: So what was the
answer you were given?
>> BW: The answer I was
given was the capability
for self adjustment is intact
and it always has been.
It's never left us.
>> RM: But there's
something that is interfering.
>> BW: Something is interfering.
So my question began to
know what's interfering
and how does it do it?
How do we become so disconnected
to that divine intelligence
that we wind up in the state
that the human population
is now?
We're stressed, we're fearful.
We're so afraid to trust.
>> RM: We are, and
afraid to be made a fool
of in front of each other.
>> BW: Yes.
>> RM: Which is, again,
just another fear.
And when I read that little
opening statement, it says,
"Do rogue groups on and off
planet wield strange new weapons
as it were?"
Now, what was revealed to--
>> BW: And yes and yes.
>> RM: What was revealed to you
so we can understand
first the interference
and then the divine
nature of what we are
without the interference--
>> BW: Absolutely.
>> RM: -- and then
we'll continue on.
>> BW: Well, first
of all, there are--
we live in a polarity
and we always will.
I don't use the word polarity,
I prefer the word extremes.
The extremes are this
works and this doesn't.
But without that, we would never
know when we come to the center.
So, there are facets within
this rogue on the planet as well
as off planet who have
intelligence within them
that want us to come
to the center.
So they're really stepping
forward now to assist
and had been doing that for
a quite a few years now.
A lot of my network that
Charlie introduced me
to when I met Slim
introduced me to our people
who were involved
in those very deep.
They don't exist on paper groups
who have been incredibly
supportive to share with me
and to help me understand
what does it mean
for a frequency to interrupt.
How does that happen?
And if I were going to
control the population,
how would I do it?
That was one of my questions.
How would I do it?
If I wanted to bring the
population into total control--
>> RM: Disharmony
and controlling.
>> BW: -- how would I do it?
And so there have been several
applications over the years.
You now, fear-based, look
at the media that we see.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: Most of the
media is based
on fear telling us
what we can't do.
Our children come into school.
They come into the
world actually
with someone else's information.
Where was the brain when
the heart was first created
in the fetus?
That was my first question
to the physiology experts.
And they're going, "Hmm,
well it didn't exist."
So what makes the
heart start beating?
Well it's the brain
within the heart itself.
So we've never left that space.
No matter what anyone does, we
have the capability to return
to that at any moment.
>> RM: But we have to stop
the interfering frequencies
that are creating--
>> BW: Right.
>> RM: -- the programming.
And you mentioned a moment
ago that there are extremes.
And on one extreme, you have
many beings on and off planet,
people and beyond human that
are trying to help us go
through this process of that
reconnection with ourselves
to simply stop the interference.
What's on the other side?
>> BW: The interference is on--
from the off planet is coming
from the sun actually
most of the time.
We're getting a lot of
solar influx right now
that we're saying that
put your sunglasses on.
You know, cover up your head.
Don't absorb the sun, certainly
not in the middle of the day,
please, and not at 90
degrees in Boulder,
Colorado, but morning sun.
I was instructed early on, go
out in the morning sun and go
out in the evening sun.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: And be present in it.
Be present in it.
Because not only does the
sensory system receptors
on the skin absorb those
frequencies from the sun,
but what's happening
is it's cracking
that pineal crustification.
We have a calcified pineal
gland which is liquid.
It's our direct connection with
God or with what people perceive
as our higher intelligence.
I prefer to call
it our intelligence
because that's what works
with the heart and the brain.
How do we do that?
So they're sending that
and it's a very regular--
>> RM: So this is a
positive interference--
>> BW: It's a very
positive thing.
>> RM: -- that's breaking
up the programming
that is also in interference.
>> BW: [Inaudible] assisting
in the deprogramming--
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: -- the actual
physiology of our form.
Our form first of all is the
culprit here because we have
to come into resonance of how
we route information and decide
and decode, determine what
our perception is going to be.
So from the off planet, not
only did they begin to work
with the sequencing, they would
give me a series of numbers.
At first, I didn't
know what they were.
And it was through meeting
people like Charlie and Ben
that I began to understand
what this was about
and what these numbers
were reflecting
because they were
doing several things.
The first one was bringing us
into resonance with the planet.
Remember, we might see her
as something we live on.
She has consciousness
just like us.
She has a skin just like us.
Her sensory receptors
actually work like ours.
>> RM: She has an
emotional body just like us.
>> BW: She has an
The difference between her
emotional body and ours is
that hers does not
control her behavior.
Ours control our behavior
as our definitions are
defined through our--
>> RM: And this is exploited
every moment of everyday.
>> BW: Constantly.
Let me get you really excited
because as you go high,
we know you're going to
go low because you aren't
in the middle, you're
in an extreme.
So we're constantly living in
these extremes instead of in
that steadiness of our
personal 18 inches of existence
when we manage to do that.
So the wave was created to
begin to set that emotion.
We thought, at first, well,
if we just become in resonance
with the planet then
it'll pick right in.
No.
>> RM: And that would
you speaking
of this Schumann
wave for example?
>> BW: It arrives on Schumann.
Schumann is the basis for that.
So then we moved in,
in a collaboration
with the next sequence.
The second sequence has to do
with how do we move outside
of the time space continuum
within our awareness.
Remember, we're not
talking of consciousness.
We're talking of awareness
which goes beyond consciousness.
So we're moving in and out
of the space time continuum.
Well that worked.
So we got those to in place and
it was like are we ready now
to bring the creative
process in?
>> RM: And when you say, "We got
those to in place," explain what
that means, what are
these sequencing--
>> BW: My body became
the parameter
to determine how this worked in
real life and real application.
So, if I were affected,
something would happen,
my systems monitor those
technicians that I work
with off planet as well as
the ones that were on planet
that were actually monitoring.
They could follow me anywhere I
was lost and tell me precisely
where I would go because we
each have a very specific
vibrational signature.
And once they know where
you are at any given moment,
then what they did was to
recognize that signature
and be able to follow
me anywhere.
Once we began to
work with the wave,
which actually compliments one
that actually moves
from the heart.
Dan Winter is one who has
actually monitored some of that
and has actually shown
with some equipment
that that actually happens.
So once that started taking
place then I was really easy
to follow.
What became interesting then
was that this didn't happen
until about 2003, and
yet Charlie was picking
up the sequencing in 2000.
Others--
>> RM: Interesting.
>> BW: -- began picking
it up later.
>> RM: But now this was moving
beyond the time space continuum?
>> BW: Yes.
>> RM: And so it
was being worked on,
on the other side prior to your
involvement in it obviously,
or in conditioning
you toward this end.
>> BW: We began a collaboration
that on some levels I
have been told I do not--
I can't confirm this.
But on some levels, I've been
told that this is a process
that I agreed to
come in when I signed
up on the cosmic dry
rays [phonetic]--
>> RM: Sure.
>> BW: -- to do this.
That we were part of a
project that was designed
to bring the human physiology
back into its divinity.
We talk about our divine
spirit, our essence.
But we relegate the form is
just something that get's us
from point A to point B and
that was not the design.
The design was to give us a
full holy human experience
on the planet, and
we've never had that.
We have never had that in
existence as a population
and we have the opportunity
right now to do it.
>> RM: So wave number one
was to put us in resonance
with Gaia, Earth itself.
And that was the Schumann wave
level one of the Triad Wave.
>> BW: Level one.
>> RM: Right?
And now, number two,
you're going beyond the
time space continuum
and what is the net
effect of that?
I mean--
>> BW: The net effect
of that was that--
>> RM: -- they were starting
to pick it up as you say.
>> BW: The net effect of
that personally for me was
that it allowed me
to have interface
with the off planet
sequences and intelligences
that I was working with,
with less dysfunction
within my physical form.
At first, I had to have
a lot of step-downs
because vibrationally, remember
I came from not knowing anything
to working in this field,
so there was a big gap
in our vibrational
understanding of that.
So as time progressed over the
years, we began to understand
which technicians would
be appropriate to work
with each, each sequence.
I began with the Assyrians,
didn't know who they were.
Remember I--
>> RM: Assyrians, yes.
>> BW: Who were they?
Andromedans, I don't know.
I had to go look it up on a
star map to see where is that.
Octoroons, I had no clue.
And so all of this
was very foreign to me
because I had absolutely
no background in it,
nor the mathematics, or anything
else that I was hearing.
However, I knew that
I had to complete it.
I had to continue with it.
So once we began moving more
easily in and out, then I began
to work more collaboratively
with the technicians off planet
which gave the next sequencing.
If we got this far, we could
actually create the absolute
within the human form.
We could bring it fully.
>> RM: Now, you said
they had not been able
to accomplish this.
In times passed, though,
there were precursors to you
who were working on
portions of it in their day.
>> BW: Yes, we always--
>> RM: Throughout history?
>> BW: We always
got a little cocky
and a little arrogant thinking
that we could do the work
without collaboration.
And this is not a
one-woman show.
It's not a one-man show.
This is a fully collaborative
effort that requires a team.
So when I began working with
it consciously, after the fact,
this was when I was closing it
out actually in completing this,
the Earth Project 777
concept actually came on board
and I began to understand
that there were many more
who were part of this
project that I had not met.
>> RM: And some of them were--
these were earth beings
that were involved in very--
>> BW: No, these are
fully earth beings.
>> RM: -- earth beings
involved--
>> BW: These are
fully earth beings.
>> RM: -- in the
realms of science
in very esoteric sciences.
>> BW: Yes, who were
willing to think
and move outside of the box.
And they would come in and
I would meet technicians.
Well until the last, probably
I would say, end of 2011,
we actually came fully online.
2012 was the year that the Earth
Project was to be opened up.
Until that point in
time, the technicians
on planet would know
their part of what I did.
Anyone would know that I was
coming and going all the time.
And they knew I did
strange things.
But they did not know what I
did because I was not permitted
to talk about it and
then how could I.
>> RM: Well you didn't even
have a framework yourself.
And what was interesting when
we're talking off camera is
that you were saying as these
technicians were brought to you
to work on the development
and the earthly plane
of these technologies,
you didn't know what they
were even talking about a lot
of times and they're
saying, "Oh my God,
this is the piece we've
been looking for."
>> BW: When I first
met each one--
well let me go back to
the-- to when this started.
I had been introduced
to the woman,
Dr. Joanne Whittaker [assumed
spelling], who actually began
to work with me about what
these-- what I was experiencing.
I didn't-- she didn't know
about the numbers at that time.
But what she did know was how
my physiology was working.
And so she acquainted me with
John Lilly's work which is
about the dolphins and
how dolphins communicate,
so that started it.
So we decided then, I told
her about the numbers.
So she introduced me
to a friend of hers
who had a recording studio.
So I went into the
recording studio,
met Glenn Paley [assumed
spelling] who does the work
and still does the work for me.
And I handed him the series
of numbers and I said,
"Could you make me
a CD of this?"
And he looked at me and he
said, "Well what is it?"
And I said, "Numbers."
[ Laughter ]
"Numbers."
>> RM: That's clear enough.
>> BW: Clear enough.
And he said, "Well
what kind of numbers?"
And I said, "Numbers."
And he said, "Well
are they hertz?"
I said, "OK, that sounds good."
And so what he did
was take my numbers
with the timing intervals
that were very specific
and he created the actual
first sequence of the wave.
>> RM: Now this was all three.
This was the Triad Wave.
>> BW: This was just
the first one.
>> RM: Oh, just the first one.
OK.
>> BW: We call the first
one "Through the Illusion."
>> RM: OK.
>> BW: So he created
the first one.
Well we're in a sound studio
and there are people
in the waiting room.
And the guy who owned the
studio, when we were finished,
we went out and everybody in
the studio was sound asleep.
[ Laughter ]
It was like-- and I'm
saying, "What's going on?"
And he said, "This is so wild."
He said, "What were you
all doing in there?"
And Glenn said, "Well we were
putting down these numbers."
Well that was the first
introduction that I had
of how the physiology
is affected
because it relaxes
the body immediately.
>> RM: Right.
>> BW: And the more stressed
you are, the quieter--
because the body is saying,
"Thank you, finally."
So after that, I
was not surprised
when people would make strange
comments if you're talking
about when I met Ben Lonetree
who did the first analysis
and he's the one that actually
that introduced me to Charlie.
He's first thing was--
I saw a book that he had
in Sedona actually,
it fell off the shelf.
I picked it up, a
little paperback book,
and it's about vortexes
in Sedona.
But right on the
front, it was about,
big letters, human resonance.
By then I already knew that
was part of what this was
but I didn't understand
what that meant.
So I went back to Scottsdale
where I was staying,
looked in the back, there was
his phone number, I called him.
And he listened to me for
a minute and, you know,
he's talking to me
like I'm really crazy.
And I said, "Well would
you meet me for coffee
and let me share this with you?"
and he agreed.
And he reluctantly took
it home with him, the CD,
took it home with him.
And I had two segments
completed by that time.
The third one was getting
ready to be completed.
But he took the two
segments home.
He called me about
1:30 in the morning
and he said, "We need to talk.
Do you know what you have?"
And I said, "Yes, I have
a CD that I just gave you
with two sequences so what's"--
>> RM: That's all you knew.
Yeah.
>> BW: And so, we began
a collaboration then
and he did the specter
analysis on that and began
to show me how absolutely
riding on that Schumann ideas.
I mean it's-- you can pick it up
anywhere and a lot of the people
that have picked it up
have actually picked more
of the Schumann component of
the wave because it's familiar.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: He introduced me
immediately to Charlie.
So when I went back
to North Carolina,
Charlie's first comment
to me was,
"This will deprogram
the program."
And I'm going, "What
does that mean?"
>> RM: Who was Charlie?
Explain to us who he was.
>> BW: Charlie Plyler
with ELFRAD.
>> RM: And ELFRAD,
explain what ELFRAD.
>> BW: ELFRAD again was
a network of technicians
around the globe
who were working
with precursors for earthquakes.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: They wanted to give--
wanted to find out what--
how do we know when earthquake
arrives before it arrives?
Can we give some notice?
>> RM: But there was obviously
something else they were
looking for.
>> BW: They were all way under.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> BW: Yes.
And some of them during the
process were still in the--
in those that you don't
want to talk about.
But they were also very
carefully monitoring
and watching and--
>> RM: OK.
>> BW: -- looking out for me.
>> RM: So now you meet Charlie
and what does Charlie
bring to the picture?
>> BW: My first experience with
Charlie was a big wake up call.
First of all, he
doesn't speak to anyone.
These guys don't talk to people.
The only reason he talked
to me was because of Ben.
My instruction from Charlie the
day, in writing, by mail, was,
"I want you to drive," I was
in Salisbury at the time,
"I want you to drive
to Statesville,"
which was maybe a
half an hour away.
"I want you to arrive
at this motel
at precisely," whatever
time it was.
"I want you to get
up, park your car
in the front, get
out of the car.
I want you to go inside, go
straight back through the lobby.
There's a row of chairs that sit
by a window facing
the front door.
I want you to pick up a paper
and I want you to sit there.
I will watch to see if you're
followed and I will come in.
I will stand at the counter.
And I will come by
you to the rest room.
And if it's OK, I will come
and sit down beside of you.
If I do not sit down
beside of you,
I want you to put your
paper down and leave."
>> RM: Kind of classic
intelligence operations.
>> BW: And I'm going, woo,
shades of Angelina Jolie.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> BW: This is exciting.
I'm going to be a spy.
Thinking it was all humorous,
you know, because it was
so far outside of
my realm of reality.
As it turns out,
Charlie did stop.
We had a brief conversation
during which time he delivered
that message and he said,
"You're going to have
to be very aware of who you talk
to and who you share this with.
You will talk to me,
you will talk to them.
You will not talk
to anybody else.
If anyone ask you any
questions, play dumb."
So I journaled, remember
I've been journaling
since this started in 1990.
>> RM: When you had
the cancer diagnosis.
>> BW: Yeah, every bit of
this is journaled in my hand,
you know, very detailed.
And so I'm journaling this
and still laughing at it,
but I get home because it's
like, "Well this is so bizarre."
As it turns out I got
to know very quickly
that it is a real thing because
the curiosity had began to mount
because those who were curious
about this were beginning
to pick it up because it was--
>> RM: They're beginning
with their instrumentation
to pick up the frequencies.
>> BW: Instrumentation
to pick it up.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: So now they
were curious about me.
Well I'm a grandmother and I'm--
you know, this would
be sort of strange.
We used to-- when
they pull up in the--
you know, and park around the
street in their black vans,
we would just say excuse me.
But Susan's making cookies,
you know, you can come in
and have cookies if you want to.
So it was a learning
experience with that.
And from that point on, most
of the people that I worked
with for good many years
including Slim Spurling were
in that network.
Slim introduced me to
quite a few of his network.
There's a physicist in
Phoenix that brought some
of the graphics together,
Michael Helios [assumed
spelling].
There were just so many
of this deeply dedicated
but very wounded and very
afraid to talk publicly
about what was going on.
So we kept it very quiet
for as long as we could.
>> RM: So let's go back.
We're going to come
back to that point.
Let's weave it forward.
You found the third
layer of frequency.
>> BW: Third layer.
>> RM: What was that?
>> BW: The third layer, I had
begun to understand through some
of Andrija Puharich's
work and others
that many had come very close
to actually creating life.
And so that's based
on what we refer
to as the Fibonacci sequencing.
Well being the one who ask
the questions, I'm going,
"But it just keeps on going.
How do we ever bring
it back to use it?"
And so, I called a meeting
of the off planet technicians
from three different
star systems saying,
"How do we do this?"
And, "Well what do you think?"
And I said, "Well, it has
to be folded back on itself.
If you're going to
manifest, it has to fold up.
It has to fold back
upon itself."
And so it was, "Well where
do you want to fold it over?"
And so I gave them what
I understood was the fold
over point and they're
applauding me
and going right on.
So the fold over point is
actually the pause at the top
of that sequencing that allows
us to access every frequency,
every harmonics, sub-acoustic,
anything that exists,
overtones and undertones.
We have access to everything.
However, it's just
a point of pause.
It's an opportunity.
It's not a guarantee.
So you have that potential
and then it folds back
over on itself to manifest.
When that became on board,
that's when everything really
started shaking loose because,
at that point, I had
something then that has to do
with how the human
population looks in the future.
>> RM: And are you allowed to
share some glimpses of that?
>> BW: I can even share names.
However, I've never
spoken to these people,
so I am only giving
you my version
of what those documents
mean to me.
>> RM: OK.
>> BW: And that's as
much as I can go on.
>> RM: OK.
>> BW: The first with Charlie,
of course, he picked it up
and knew what was going on.
The second part was
when Clifford Carnicom started
monitoring, this was in 2003.
Well if you remember that's
when I was in Arizona and Ben
and I were constantly
driving around the countryside
because we would met-- he
would bring his equipment
and he'd stand me out there.
And we were working with
inflow-outflow vortex and energy
and I would give
him the sequencing
and the sequencing would
be precise with the wave.
Although, I didn't know
that when he was using
me for his guinea pig.
But we were all over
the place with that.
Later on, one of the sessions,
my husband before
he passed away,
we went to Bandolera
[assumed spelling].
And he was measuring.
Somebody is there and they're
transmitting and he decided
that it had to be military
because they couldn't
break the code.
Nobody could break the code.
The only parts they were
aware of and then all
of these documents that I showed
you earlier today, for years,
he followed it but he couldn't
determine what it was so he--
>> RM: Who you're
speaking, Cliff?
>> BW: Cliff.
>> RM: Cliff Carnicom
and he is well-known.
Many people know his name
associated with Chemtrails,
spent the early years
of his research.
But he was doing much more.
>> BW: He was doing much more
and he was picking this up
but he didn't know what it was.
So he assumed that it had to be
military and it had to be bad
because it was low
frequencies and it was moving.
It was constantly moving.
>> RM: And you were in your car
moving around with your husband.
>> BW: Yeah.
And it was like we're
in trouble.
I would love to speak with him
at some point in time and just,
you know, say, "Could we compare
notes because I went down
and did-- I actually
did a timeline."
We were here, he
was monitoring here.
>> RM: Interesting.
>> BW: So it was--
it got to be a game.
That part of it was a game.
>> RM: So he was in a little--
he had concern about
this new low--
>> BW: That it was very
harmful because so many aspects
of ultra light frequency
in the physical form
are incredibly harmful.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: So part of the
reason, again, for this sort
of sequencing of the wave.
Because the wave starts
and folds over on itself,
it can't be manipulated.
Any time you're shooting
a straight line frequency,
you got interference.
>> RM: Makes sense because
it's replicated again way back
to wave.
>> BW: It's constantly in
motion, so it never stops.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: When that
happens, it allows you
to choose rather
than being entrained.
You're entrained to yourself in
your higher intelligence rather
than being entrained to--
>> RM: Every program out there.
>> BW: Every program
that's out there.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> BW: The other part of it was
that it was also
very much designed
to be a support mechanism
for all the absolutely
great programs that we have,
and to create an
interference pattern for those
that were not so great.
The measurement was
the golden mean.
Well I didn't even
know what that was
until I met my friend Susan
Miller [assumed spelling].
She was Susan Coleman
[assumed spelling] then.
But she's saying, "This
is the golden mean,"
and she's an artist.
And I'm going, "OK,
if you say so."
So that part of it was
folded in at that moment
so that I would have the
languaging then to talk
about the golden mean.
In the beginning, I didn't--
you know, I'm accumulating
information.
I'm learning on the job.
Remember, I have
to articulate this.
So once that happened, then it
was like, "Well wait a minute,
if the interference pattern"--
and that was what Charlie was
able to determine quite easily
and Slim also, then-- and
some of his technicians
that the interference pattern,
if something is out of resonance
with the golden mean, it creates
a Maori [phonetic] pattern.
It traps it just like
this, right in it.
>> RM: Interesting.
>> BW: Maori being a
French dweeb [phonetic]
so it works sort of like that.
>> RM: It enmeshes.
>> BW: It enmeshes.
So that was interesting
and I'm going,
"Will that do with everything?"
You can't lie.
So what happens is
it exposes on truths.
So if you stop and realize,
this has been on the planet
for awhile now and many of us
are now participating in it
and actually using
it, what's starting
to happen within our system?
>> RM: The lies are
being exposed, yes.
>> BW: The lies are being
exposed, which was one
of the original intents
of the Earth Project.
The 777 aspect of the Earth
Project is simply the holy human
working in its full divinity
whether its intelligence
and its spirit, so
compassion, love, fully engaged.
So that if we choose to have
an experience that's not
harmonious, we do it without
the emotional charge that sends
out a frequency and a vibration
that affects the population.
It's our experience to have.
>> RM: So it contains
and isolates it.
So, many people I've interviewed
and many books I've read
through the last decades have
talked about this point in time
where there would be this
shifting of frequencies
that would allow for this new
potential of choice to be there.
But what it didn't
talk about, per se,
was that there would be also
this human technological
interface to help enhance
this thing at that time
that would also be made
possible by the times.
>> BW: Yes.
And in all reality, we
were hoping to have it
on ground a long
time before we did.
As it turned out, we had
to start building in 09/09.
We brought in what I
refer to as a triple.
So we brought in a three-prong
enhancement like a supercharge
that would begin
to unfold itself,
09/09, 10/10 and 11/11/11.
And that was building
towards bringing us
into a unity consciousness
experience which was where we--
you know, we developed
that and begin to move
through that in the 2012.
And that's what we're beginning
to experience a little
bit of now.
But we were moving
beyond judgment.
We had to move beyond judgment.
And in order to do that, we had
to have a little more assistance
in how do we understand
how they're--
how are we being
manipulated and controlled.
Not just, well, we're
bombarded with frequencies
but how are we really?
How do you control
the human physiology
so that it doesn't route
information appropriately?
And so what that took me back
to asking the question, "Well,
if I were going to do
that, how would I do it?"
Well look at the
proliferation right now
of autoimmune diseases.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: Of thyroid problems.
Well why is a thyroid important?
The thyroid, actually,
our blood passes
through the thyroid
every 17 minutes.
Any airborne bacteria or viruses
are killed every 17 minutes,
if our thyroid gland is
working with proper iodine--
>> RM: Which is not.
>> BW: It is not.
It is not and it
hasn't been for years.
So the last piece of the
puzzle for me was, "Oh,
that's the last part
of the physiology."
And we came to that conclusion
with some on planet assistance
and some off planet
assistance understanding
that the third component
of our hypothalamic access
that I work with, that the wave
works with, the hypothalamus
which works with all
the control mechanisms,
how information is sent to the
different parts of the body,
the pineal gland
which is our access
to that divine intelligence--
>> RM: Which has been
calcified through various--
>> BW: Calcified, has now
been-- is now being decalcified.
And then moving down
to third segment
which just started online
about two months ago
which is the pituitary
which controls all
of our glandular function.
Alas, the thyroid.
So we've just begun
to understand what
was the final piece.
We couldn't understand why are
we not reaching the pinnacle,
this empirical awareness
that we are guaranteed.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: Where we will be
shown-- actually be shown--
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: -- tangible proof.
What were we missing?
We were missing that component.
>> RM: Yes.
And the physical bodies--
at the same time the possibility
is grander than never,
the physical bodies are breaking
down faster than that one.
>> BW: Faster and faster.
Did they-- do the ones the
do not want this to succeed,
are they aware of that?
Absolutely.
>> RM: Let's talk about that.
Now, you have been
followed by some groups
that are highly covert,
Majestic,
others they've involved
as an intelligence
agencies of the world.
>> BW: Majestic is supposedly
not existent anymore,
so we don't know exactly who--
>> RM: Right.
>> BW: -- who they are--
>> RM: But they all still exist.
>> BW: But they all still exist.
>> RM: They can change
their name,
but it all exists in
the shadowy world.
And we talked about
this off camera too.
As with the CIA, other
intelligence agencies,
these shadow organizations
that control the species,
perceptions, biology
and so forth.
There are some wonderful
beings working along side very
shadowy forces--
>> BW: Yes.
>> RM: -- at counter
agendas really
within the same organizations.
You, Slim and Charlie,
all were at the brunt end
of the negative forces.
>> BW: Yes, yes.
Charlie no longer exists.
So many times, we would
hear from the network
that the vans were coming down
and they would confiscate
all of the equipment.
>> RM: Yup.
>> BW: And these
boys were smart.
They had so many different--
you know, so a lot
of the information
from Charlie was lost, a
lot of the history was lost.
We tried to piece
some of that together.
But because they were so careful
about not telling
everything to--
>> RM: Right.
>> BW: -- everybody, so this
person would have a little bit,
someone else would
have a little bit more.
Slim worked the same way.
Charlie is no longer with us.
He was taken out.
Slim, we had an appointment
to meet in Virginia.
He was going to do a workshop
there, [inaudible] planet text
as well as the young
Charlie, you know,
[inaudible] planet network
that I was still working
with were going, "Don't go.
I had just gone through
a huge transition
of information exchange to
work on another segment."
And-- so I was not
physically, you know, up to par.
There are two rules
you don't break.
You don't get overly fatigued
and you don't get
overly distracted.
I have to always know what's
going on in my environment.
Slim was exhausted.
He didn't want to go,
but they went anyway,
because they had a workshop.
And those that were there
who were part of the network
that were there,
he went down fast.
>> RM: He died.
>> BW: He actually-- they
got him to a hospital
but he was technically brain
dead, so they obviously--
you know, when you stop and
think how bizarre is this,
but what you have to realize
is that there is a capability
of a polts being sent out
that can target an individual
in a crowd of 2,000.
>> RM: Absolutely and I know--
>> BW: With a heart
attack and an aneurism,
those are the two
favorite ones that go down.
>> RM: But they use
others as well.
>> BW: They use others as well.
But that one works--
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: That one works
and you can't notice it.
>> RM: Right.
>> BW: I mean who's going to--
>> RM: It looks organic
>> BW: It looks very organic.
It looks very organic.
>> RM: So he was gone but
you two were targeted?
>> BW: Yes.
I was targeted.
Actually when I went to see him,
I was told not to go up there,
but there were some
information, his wife called
and asked if I would come up.
She had been told that
Slim had some information
to pass on to me.
You know, we're all in this mode
that says, "I can stand beside
of his bed and it doesn't
matter whether he can speak
to me or not."
>> RM: Right.
>> BW: And we were targeted.
When I was in the room with
him, so other guys got me out.
I got back to North Carolina,
thinking everything was fine.
I went sort of undercover
at that point.
I pulled out and
pretty much stopped
for a good number of years.
And in 2008, I had brought--
decided to bring it back online
because I felt we
were getting closer.
We were getting to a point that
I had started writing the book.
I understood the importance
of all of the information
that was contained
in the journal
because it's a very
personal experience,
but it is also a very detailed
description of the interface.
How we collaborated with
the off the planets?
What the purpose was?
How it affects the physiology?
What work, what didn't work?
And I had begun to work on that.
I'd gone to do one last workshop
in Florida knowing it
was my last and happy
that it was going to happen.
Coming back from Florida,
something happened.
All I knew was that I
felt excruciating pain.
I didn't know what it was from.
My friend in North
Carolina got a phone call
from my cellphone saying,
"We're bringing her in,
she's hot and toxic."
Well, hot in our vocabulary
meant I was coming in fast.
Toxic, she didn't
know what that meant
because that had
never been a term nor
that she recognize the
voice on the phone.
But I got back to North Carolina
and got back to Greensborough,
and within just a few days,
wound up in a hospice.
I had exploded my intestine
and wound up with, you know--
>> RM: This was not
degenerative?
>> BW: No.
>> RM: This was a
very fast onset event.
>> BW: Very fast onset event.
>> RM: And again
that technology is--
>> BW: I felt it--
>> RM: -- quite capable of that.
>> BW: I felt it
when it happened.
>> RM: Yeah.
>> BW: Speculation, again.
Speculation again was that
because I sit funny in the car
when I'm driving long distances,
it missed my heart and went
down a little bit low--
>> RM: Yeah.
>> BW: -- because I wiggle--
>> RM: You're little
and you're short.
>> BW: I'm short and
I wiggle around a lot.
So that was the speculation.
I was actually pronounced
dead and I wasn't.
My agreement with
the off planets was
that if they send me back
that we had a meeting
and it was necessary.
Because to bring
systems up to speed,
we didn't have the time,
so it was necessary.
This is my story.
So I agreed to come back if
everything would be in place
and I could actually
see it happening.
They told me-- the only
thing I remembered originally
from the trip was that it would
take me three years to recover
and I would begin
on the fourth year,
which turned out to be 2012.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: And that's
precisely what happened.
It took a full three years.
I did a few assignments in
between but mostly it was
that physical regeneration
because it was bad.
My requirement for
leaving the hospice,
they wouldn't let me leave
unless I agreed to have an MRI.
They wanted to find
out what this was.
They tried.
They tried an MRI.
They tried everything.
They knew something had happened
but they could not
find the source of it
because they had already
taking care of the source
and all I needed to
do now was to rest
to clear the system
of the debris.
>> RM: So why is it that
the-- those other factions,
on and off planet, operating on
the extreme, more negative end,
would not want to-- I mean it's
kind of redundant question,
but just so you can
summarize this.
>> BW: It's about control.
>> RM: Would not want this
technology widespread.
>> BW: We're much more useful
when we are controlled.
We don't create as
much backlash.
We allow whatever and we
fit more into the programs
that they have for
gathering fund.
I mean we have the money.
You know, we are not the few.
We are the many and
that's the part that seems
to just not register
with people that we are--
we have more power in our
collaboration than the few have
and everything they have.
Yes, they control the money.
They control the money
because we allow it.
>> RM: But they don't control
this and the thing is--
>> BW: No.
>> RM: -- there is a part of
this, when you were telling me
about it, I just love.
This Triad frequency, this wave,
this Triad Wave that's been
created, is the native signature
of that quiet chamber in the
heart that Gary Zukav, many,
many others have called this--
>> BW: Everyone talks about.
>> RM: -- Seat of the Soul,
and when that portion
departs we cease to breath.
We cease to exist biologically.
That is the frequency that
your Triad Wave is reproducing
and broadcasting.
>> BW: What we're
doing within every--
because each of us has
a specific signature
and a specific encoding,
because the Triad Wave works
in all frequencies, harmonics,
overtones and undertones,
it is able by coming in your
field of existence to trigger
that encoding within you
to say, "Knock, knock,
would you like to wake up?"
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: If you do, here
are your training wheels
until you actually
bring this fully online.
>> RM: It's so phenomenal.
>> BW: That's all it is.
It's not to be all, do all.
It will not cure disease
unless you participate.
>> RM: It's still-- it
requires your choices
and your consciousness.
>> BW: Your choices, your
full active participation.
But we have the capability
of doing
that with some very
simple little experientials
that we work with and
that are part of the--
what I refer to as
the API protocol.
And API is simply awareness,
presence and intent.
It's a computer language.
>> RM: Right.
>> BW: However, we're
working with it differently,
because we're talking about
the empirical awareness
that our physical form
was designed to move in.
We're talking about our
full presence being fully
and completely aware of
ourselves as a divine being
as well as a human on
the planet, share--
>> RM: Without interference.
>> BW: Without interference.
>> RM: Right.
>> BW: So that when we set
our intent to move information
out to another or move into
another field with someone else,
the intent is pure, it
carries no anomalies.
>> RM: How can people
start-- now, by this time,
people are watching are saying,
"But how do we have
access to this?"
>> BW: How do we play with this?
>> RM: "How do we play with it?"
>> BW: We had many ways
that they can do that.
And if they'll go
on the website,
we have it embedded under music.
We work with groups.
We do group calls that
we actually teach.
If they'll go to the part on the
website, this is Conversations
with Brenda, then
they can see what it's
in my toolbox, that's
what we do.
The API protocol actually
moves out in group calls.
It actually can go
into any environment,
because we're working
first with human beings.
Then the human being
begins to set the field
for the environment
that they're in.
So all of that takes
place off of the website.
We have applications to do that.
The people that actually have
the music now have embedded the
Triad Wave in their music.
>> RM: And this is going to be
huge because you're giving it
to the world to utilize.
>> BW: This is what
we're here to do.
You know, we are--
it was a gift.
It was gift.
And it's here, as I said, for
the-- it's a training wheels.
It's the training wheels.
It's a support mechanism
for every application
that [inaudible].
If you have a program,
the music that's done
by Steve Skudler actually
in Fort Collins, his share
and works with healing touch.
He's a healing touch
practitioner
as well as an instructor.
So when he and I got together
embedded the first music
with the wave, we worked with
it for three years with her
and with my applications
before we ever released it.
>> RM: Were you seeing
outstanding results?
>> BW: Yes.
And he now has two CDs
available off of his website,
Twin Flames Production.
All of this is on the website.
So if they go there,
they can see--
we refer to that as
licensing partners.
I do license the wave, if
they're going to put it
in a large production.
We work with that.
Because what happens with
that is that there are a lot
of people who don't
have funding.
So if you have funding,
we'll take funding for it
and then we'll apply it
into those who don't,
because it's important
now for it to be embedded
so that the population can
have access to this now
and begin their process
of coming online.
>> RM: It can go under
music, soundtracks.
It can go under anything,
really?
>> BW: You're having
a live event.
It's perfect if you're
in a board meeting.
It's incredible because
remember it's infrasound.
So you can turn the
volume all the way down
and all you're getting then
is the frequency's modulation
itself which brings everyone
to the table together.
It quiets the environment and
allows the highest potential
to take place, because
the physiology is no
longer resisting.
You're using that
higher intelligence
and your divine compassion
from the heart.
>> RM: And it is, as you
say, essentially enmeshing it
within taking out the
interfering frequency.
>> BW: Interference, yes.
>> RM: So beautiful.
I mean I'm just so happy to be
sitting here with you and here
to have heard the
genesis of this story.
And there's more to it
because there are children.
And you're teaching something
because again this goes
through the sensory process--
>> BW: Right.
>> RM: -- including,
as you say, the skin,
the largest organ in the body.
>> BW: Largest organ
on the body.
>> RM: And what are you
teaching the children?
>> BW: Well, with the children--
we do everyone the same,
actually, because the
process is very simple.
We have what's known
as a reset breath
and we have something
known as quiet touch.
The reset breath is simply
a way to signal your body,
your brain that you're going
to change what you're doing.
So how would you do that?
Well we're used to
breathing in and out,
that's our normal pattern.
Well to break that pattern,
you're going breathe
out first without that inhale.
So it just stops you.
It's a pause.
It's simply a pause,
very simple.
You do it one time,
the body begins to,
"Oh, that's what it is."
The quiet touch is
simply a hand position
that positions your left
hand over your heart.
What you're doing is creating
an electromagnetic loop,
an electromagnetic loop
that puts you right in touch
with that spark that's
within your heart.
>> RM: That's seems-- yes.
>> BW: And you feel
it when it happens.
>> RM: Yes.
>> BW: You feel the
feel, the body responds.
We're doing it with cardiac
rehab patients back in the '90s.
You know, doing it in school
[inaudible] school systems,
elementary schools.
And they would make the
announcements everyday.
And part of the announcement
would be what we refer
to is RBQT.
They would do RBQT, because
I didn't have the sequencing
of the waves back in 1996 when
we were doing all of this.
We were having to hand--
you know, be body doing it.
Now we have assistance.
But those still are
the components.
The third component is becoming
familiar with what we refer
to is your 18-inch field of
existence which is that tube
of your own personal
field of existence.
How we work with that.
>> RM: And you're looking for
people that will take this on
and become instructors in this.
>> BW: Absolutely.
>> RM: And help with children--
>> BW: We need 100 bodies by the
end of the year for a project
that we're working with
called Bridge Global.
Bridge Global will be taking
this concept around the world.
They'll particularly be
working in third world countries
and underprivileged areas.
So that's the component
that we're working with.
And to meet their requirement,
I need 100 bodies that we can--
you know, we can start to work
within their project as well
as some others that
are going on.
>> RM: And another thing is
that it's not as though you have
to be some brilliantly
lit up psychic to do this.
>> BW: Please don't.
>> RM: The thing you don't.
It's-- in fact, you're saying
that-- the more we have,
the more complex our thinking--
>> BW: This is from others.
>> RM: This is for anyone.
>> BW: If you're breathing.
>> RM: If you're breathing.
>> BW: Anyone can share
this and we've done
that through the group calls.
We've done that in
school systems.
We could train cafeteria
people because they're--
bus drivers, that was the most
fun, with the bus drivers,
because they're coming and
going, "You want me to do what?"
And once they understood
how their--
how the vibration from their
field affects, because remember
if thoughts, words and actions
are in resonance, then we're--
you know, we're not
disturbing the field.
We can think that we're
saying, "Well I'm going to smile
when he comes on the bus today."
And you're greeting
him, "Hello Johnny,"
when he gets on the bus.
But what the bus
driver was thinking was,
"I think you better go sit
down in your sit quietly,
if you make-- we're going
to the office today.
I know we're going
to the office today".
Once they realize that the
little boy was picking up--
>> RM: Yes, yes.
>> BW: -- what he was thinking
because thought is vibration.
>> RM: So all of us are
basically easy to work
with children [inaudible].
>> BW: Everyone.
>> RM: And you're making this
frequency available everywhere.
>> BW: Everywhere.
>> RM: Every kind of producer
around the planet can put this
and embed it in what they do.
>> BW: Embed in anything.
>> RM: Just speak to
our hearts directly.
Hopefully, it's a very
positive message, of course.
And--
>> BW: Well, you know,
the interesting this is,
if it isn't, then what
happens to the receiver
when they receive it is they'll
make a different choice the
next time.
>> RM: Very good.
OK, now we only have--
>> BW: So we don't stop people.
We have to reach these
elements where they are.
>> RM: Exactly.
>> BW: We're not going to
change every school system.
We're not going to
change every broadcast.
However, if we can bring
it to a plate, embedded it,
and get it to a place
that the receiver,
the person who is watching
and listening has the choice
to decided whether they want
to partake of it or not,
then we stop feeding
the monster.
>> RM: On that note, I
hardly don't know what
to say except thank you.
>> BW: Thank you.
>> RM: And I hope we're
together again doing this
as it progresses.
>> BW: Thank you.
Thank you.
>> RM: If you're
interested in participating
in this profound project
you can reach Brenda
at earthproject777.com and she
is so correct that it needs
to be introduced to the kids.
They don't have the
programming adults have.
And even so, most people
who haven't been overly
programmed are certainly going
to be affected by this
in a positive way.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]
[ Noise ]